You schedule for 60 minutes next
It's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television
People everywhere are starting to listen to him
It's embarrassing
I'm going to need a sound check from you characters for a second please
Sound check
Let me know that's okay and we'll get this thing show on the road
Christie says it's good, I'm a little low
That might be, but it'll be alright
I'll turn myself up after the start
Music
Same old, same old here at Gigo and biological
The illusion of consensus about the faith in a novel virus
We're trying to dispel that fame by calling it what it is, it's a lie
And that's how we do it around here
We tell the truth about intramuscular injection
We tell the truth about transfection
And we tell the truth about
Viruses not being patterned in degrees
Music
There was no spread in New York City, ladies and gentlemen
Infectious clones are the only real thing you need to understand
placebo batches were likely distributed in transfection
And healthy mammals is dumb
That means actually that the protocols were murdered in a function of mythology
The Scooby-Doo is real and there's this spectacular commitment to lies
That's what it really means
It's lies about this faith
And I think that's something that a lot of people still just have a little trouble with
But it is a collection of ideas that hasn't been touched by anybody else
And that's what we seem to have zeroed in on
With a few other people around the world actually
It's not just Gigo and biological
Gigo and biological is on this spaceship with a few other people
And I'm going to give a shout out to a few of those people throughout the evening tonight
I'm cutting this right, good evening ladies and gentlemen
This is Gigo Home Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief
Brought to you by a biologist
It's the 29th of November, 2023
You are seeing a video produced live in the back of a garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
It's evening here, but it might be morning or new afternoon or night where you are
So wherever you are, hello and I wish you all the best
It is almost the fourth year of this drama
Almost the start of the fourth year of this elaborate hoax that has been perpetrated on the planet
And that's not to say that there isn't real biology involved
But it is a hoax about a pandemic about a runaway RNA molecule
And that's what we're really here
That's the mythology that we're here to dispel
Well, that was a very abrupt sound change
My apologies for that, I'm going to have to fix that somehow
Just in case you're here for the first time
I'm the same guy and is in that white suit there
I spent about 20 years of my life being a neurobiologist
I was really a microscope jockey
And you can look me up on PubMed
So you can kind of maybe read about some of the things that I did, some of the studies that I contributed to
And the reason why we call it giga-ohm biological is because the electrical seal that was involved in making the recordings that I did
When I was a biologist
Was of the giga-ohm level of resistance
And so, in just kind of a geeky way, I took that name and turned it into an online news program
And here we are three years later
And I've been explaining to my viewers over the last couple years
That what I think has actually been done to us, including myself
Is that we were tricked into solving a mystery of their own design
And their own design
I don't know who they are, it's an amorphous, you know, totally haphazard, egotistical yuppies
I don't know what it stands for, but they
Is this amorphous group of oligarchs, rich people, of weaponized piles
Of money that have, you know, somewhat coordinatedly
Bamboozled us into believing that Mother Nature poses this threat
And that this threat can also be accessed, you know, through laboratory passage
And through animal passage and through cell culture
And through all kinds of genetics tools that we now have, like CRISPR-Cas9
And all of this mythology accounts or adds up to an illusion of consensus
About a worst-case scenario, about what might have happened
And even if it's not what happened this time, it's definitely what could happen in the future
And therefore, we need to fundamentally reorganize the way that we deal with public health threats
We need to fundamentally reorganize how our entire economies function
Because this is just one aspect of a greater climate change, climate crisis
That's going to require digital ID and digital currency
That's where we're going, that's the entire narrative
A lot of people were saying it in 2020 and they were called crazy
And then more people started saying it in 2021 and they were called crazy
And now we're here in 2023 at the cusp of 2024
And people are still saying it and people are still calling them crazy
Michael Yeden said it in front of a, let's say, conservative party in Germany
And it seems that in some ways his video was edited from the main archive
Although there is mention of him in a highlight reel, an hour-long highlight reel of that meeting
But they don't really say what he said then
So maybe the world responded to our video, maybe the world responded to Uwe's protest of them editing him out
But it responded in a pretty lame way and there's still no video of his speech
And his speech basically is, you know, right in line with what we're saying
Not to say that Mike and I talk very much, but the times that we have communicated
We've been pretty much, you know, right in line with each other
Anyway, I think this is, you know, for the people that are here all the time
This is really, really, really old at this stage and it's getting kind of really old, old
But I'm starting to think of it kind of like a jazz show
And you can have the same songs and even the same set list and it can be a different show every night
And at this stage, this is how it's going to have to be for a while
Before we really get this message out, because over the next few weeks, what we're hoping for
Although it could just be, you know, a firework, you light it and it doesn't do anything
Because it's soaking wet in the rain
When Bobby's book comes out and we maybe get a little bit more
We get a little bit more chance to get our message out
We can be very clear and concise about the possibility space that we are trying to call attention to
And not get trapped somehow into the role of a divider or the description of a divider
Or the, I don't know, somebody who thinks that he knows everything
Somebody who's a self-appointed expert with Dunning-Kruger syndrome or whatever the heck they call it
So, I really think it's important at this stage for all of us that watch, that share here on GIGO and biological
To be articulate enough to be certain that the possibility space that we are trying to describe is real and valid
And at the same time be humble enough to show and describe how wide that possibility space is
And therefore we can't be certain about what parts are right and wrong
We just know for sure that the truth is in this space and not in this space
The truth is not to be found in the reality where RNA can go around the earth for three and a half to four years straight
Starting from a puddle, that's not a real reality
So if you're arguing with a sort of biological cartoon that is essentially that, you're already off base
And so we've got to be able to bring people to understand that that's the reason why you're wrong
It's not that you listen to Fox News and you should be listening to MSNBC
It's not that you think it's a lab leak and it's not a lab leak
It's that by being over here in this mythological biological space where a single RNA molecule or maybe 50
That are leaked, that are sprayed, released, sneezed, found, inhaled
I don't know what verb you want to use, but if those molecules are activated and then they get to do their thing
Apparently they can create trillions of copies of themselves and coat the lungs of the world in their progeny
And that biology doesn't exist, that biology doesn't exist
That's why there's so much good to be had in the no-virus argument
The no-virus discussion because so much of this illusion is it can be captured in this idea
That there isn't such a thing
But to say that there are no such things on smaller scales
To say that there are no such things on even maybe an individual, an individual basis
That we're not shedding proteins and exosomes that are in the size scale of viruses that could be distorted or misconstrued as viruses
And so that when you say there's no virus you've got to be very precise
You must be very precise, of course there are signals in this size range
Of course some of those signals are DNA and RNA based
Of course some of those signals are coated in proteins
But are they all pathogenic? Are they all evidence of a pathogen? Are they all the cause of the symptomology that they correlate in time with?
Or presence of? That's a different question
And I think the no-virus people have been very crafty
About taking that very important set of questions
And isolating them in such a way so that they're not useful enough to bridge the gap between this mythology and the truth
Wow, did you hear how well I just said that? That's exactly what it is
They take these no-virus ideas and they isolate them so that they are not useful
In bridging the gap between the mythology of viruses and the truth of whatever the real biology is
And the real biology is not zero, no signals
The real biology is not that there's nothing at this size scale or that there is no intracellular communication
Or that there is no pathogenic signals at this size scale
It's just a question of have they been mischaracterized? Have we been misled about their significance?
Have we been misled about how they can be combated? Or what kinds of therapeutics are necessary
And this is all different questions than there are no viruses
And that's what they'll magical about what they did
That's what makes me certain that some of them, wittingly or unwittingly, participated in the establishment of this confusion
This chaos that's allowing them to try to establish this new order
And that's what it is, it's like it's just like Ovid
Where chaos is the natural state of things and order is imposed
So if you want to do a new order, you have to pass through chaos
We're living through a Greek tragedy being orchestrated by, I guess, them, whoever they are
And how many teams are there? I don't know, but I tried to explain it yesterday
That really doesn't have to be everybody that's pulling and pushing on the train is really working together
Necessarily, they could be working together the lie to the kids in the subway station
But they don't have to be working together with each other, they could be competing
And in the end, after the kids leave, one group's going to kill the other group, I don't know
Wow, I just went way off there
Anyway, the point is that we have this illusion of consensus
Which has established this enchantment across the earth
It's something that is really spectacular to behold
And I would give a lot to understand how this enchantment looks and feels from another perspective
Like if I had lived in Norway during the pandemic, what would have happened to me
If I would have lived as a Chinese person, you know, how are they experiencing this?
Is there anyone like me in China that thinks that, you know, are there no virus people in China?
Are there no virus people in India? I mean, these are things I wonder
Are they controlling all of these populations with the same narrative control set?
You know, with like a no-virus person and a virus person, so then, you know, I just wonder
There's a book or two to be read there
So I want to give a big shout out to my friend Mark Koolak, I'm going to see if I can do this switch
He's done a few videos where he's talked about a woman by the name of Margaret Liu
And I think I've been kind of convinced that it's worth looking into her as well
And so rather than watching one of his videos, I thought I would try to sort of contribute to this catalog of this archive
By adding a study hall of my own
So here's one of the ones that Mark has
This one, I believe, is on Huzatonic Live 2
It's got an amazing 617 views
So it's really, I mean, changing minds all over the world
And then there's another video, actually, and that should come out like that
And that one is on Huzatonic Live 3
And that one has 477 views, so another one that's just absolutely changing the world
But you can help, you can watch them, you can learn from them, you can see why
So these are farther back in time
The one that I want to go to, actually, is one that she gave in January of 2021
And I don't know if you'll remember exactly what was going on in January of 2021
But I certainly do
The transfection was just being released as an investigational vaccine
And so we're going to see a wonderful sales pitch by this lady
For the COVID vaccines
And I think it's really going to be a really fun video to watch with you
On this Wednesday evening
And this is where I'm calling it a way back Wednesday
Because it's going back to 2021, so it's not really way back
Yeah, so let's just play this
Recording, it's right now
There she is up here
Oh, what the hell?
Hold on a second, I don't know why I jumped ahead there
I'm going to turn my thing off here, get my head out of the way
And I think that should be working
Sorry about that
I am going to speed it up, I think it's probably okay
She does have an amazingly normal American accent
So it shouldn't be too hard for you guys to understand her
Yeeha
Here we go, oh, I think that'll work
Recording, it's right now
So, yeah, the recording started, okay
Okay, great, so I'm going to talk about at least at both vaccines
And the coronavirus because both of them are important
I just wanted to make sure I have disclosures
I'm on the SAB of the Jenner Institute at Oxford University
Which developed the AstraZeneca vaccine
But I will say that everybody was so busy
We actually haven't had an SAB meeting
And I haven't talked specifically about the data
With anyone except in some virtual symposia
That I've helped organize, you know, I run a session or something
And although the vector is one that Jenner's been working on
For over a decade, so I have been involved with that
I'm also the scientific lead for the WHO group
That's drafting guidelines for mRNA vaccines
But again, I won't be presenting anything that is confidential
The guidelines actually are on the WHO website now
For public comment because we get comment from all of the worldwide regulators
And people working on this
So I just want to start by putting this into context
You know, events like 9-11 and Pearl Harbor
Are seared into our, if not our memories
You know, because I don't think we were around for Pearl Harbor
But certainly into our consciousness
And they're great tragedies
And yet you look at how many people died from COVID
Basically last week on one single day
It was 4200, so greater than either of them
And if you look at the dates, the deaths to date
As of yesterday, it was over 400,000
And actually topped the total number of US World War II deaths
So, you know, people keep saying, oh, this is just influenza
This is not just influenza, influenza
In an average, you may have 30,000 to 60,000 deaths
Which is still too many
But this is not the same thing
And so we stir, what the heck was that? Oh no
So we start with this idea right away, right?
That this is not influenza, this is a different virus
This is a different thing, she's laying it down right away
And remember where these deaths are coming from
Remember what we know now
What we know is that in April, March and April
In New York City, there was an extraordinary change in the behavior of people
That resulted in lots and lots and lots of people dying all at once
A mass casualty event
And there were a few other places in the United States
Where mass casualty events occurred, but no real evidence of spread
And that's where these numbers come from
Deaths from COVID, deaths from COVID, you know, deaths from 9-11
I mean, this is really dark kind of analogies that they're making
And they're doing this on purpose, that's the point to realize
In retrospect, if you see it for what it is
A national security exercise
Where once they decide, and this is key
Once they decided to pull the trigger
Part of the exercise is to get the public to be convinced
That the worst case scenario is occurring
That's part of the exercise
That's part of the drill or it's part of the plan
Because if you don't convince them
That it's the worst case scenario
And it is, then you're screwed
And if you convince them that the worst case scenario
They'll follow all the directives and even if it's not
You'll still look like you're successful
So all the ways that you game that out
That's what you do
And so
If she's playing along
If she's not playing along, this is the line
This is the line everybody is told to tell
This is the ones they're told in the briefings
It's just that
Depending on how you judge this
You know, you can go look at some of those videos that Mark has archived
And decide for yourself if this is somebody who's just
You know, a casual player
Or if this is an insider
And somebody who is really on point with her messaging
As we watch this video, try to keep track
Excuse me, of the number of times that you feel that she's like
Extremely on point
Like now, extremely on point
Comparing deaths in the U.S. from COVID to other causes
This is very dramatic to compare it to 9-11
To compare it to Pearl Harbor
That's in a World War II deaths
That's some serious spectacular smack talk here
On purpose
And it also, because it's affecting people of all ages
And has a disproportionate effect on people of color
And people in lower socioeconomic statuses
It's actually, in a sense, even a greater tragedy
Because of that, because it just amplifies all of the social injustices
That are ongoing in our country and around the world
This is going to be actually my take-home message
But I thought I'd put it up front
So even if you've had a vaccine or when you get a vaccine
You still need to keep doing everything you're doing now
Masked distancing, avoiding interactions
And I'm going to explain why
Part of that's because of these new, straightening that front
So even if you've had a vaccine or when you get a vaccine
You still need to keep doing everything
So that's pretty spectacular, right?
I mean, that is, that is
That is spectacular now that we look back at that one
I mean, even after you reached how does she know that?
She knows that, why? Because
Because she knows that MRNA is not going to do it
Like, she knows that the antibodies don't do it
Like, that's the funny part
Oh, my goodness, it's amazing
The thing you're doing now, mask distancing, avoiding interactions
And I'm going to explain why
Part of that's because of these new strains that have arisen
Okay, so for a vaccine, you basically
Usually people think about wanting antibiotics
Antibodies are these little Y-shaped proteins
That will bind to a virus
And by, in this case, by binding to the spike
Which is what binds to the receptor on the cell
It prevents the virus from getting into the cell
So this is pretty straightforward
And there are lots of antibodies that can be effective
And some that bind to the virus
But don't, in fact, prevent the virus from getting in
So the kind of antibody you want
Are neutralizing antibody
And that's just important to know, because when you look at the
Papers and so on about a vaccine
They usually will report both regular antibodies
And then they specifically look at neutralizing antibodies
I want to go to also emphasize
That it turns out this receptor for the virus
Is present on essentially every cell
I mean, not maybe your red blood cells
But it's present on cells of your heart, your eyes, your kidneys
Your blood vessels, your liver, your gut, as well as your lungs
So this explains one reason why
It's so important to prevent infection
Because this isn't just like influenza where people get pneumonia
They get lung infection, they get a cold like thing
This can have an impact on your whole body
And this is one reason that some people have
What's called long COVID
They keep having issues
Whether it's their brain that they have brain fog
Or things like that, or whether it's people who have worse
And kidney failure
Now, I think one of the things that would be fun to talk about right now
Just if you don't mind
Is the idea that
Whether these claims matter
And I actually think they do and I'm going to tell you why they matter
The ACE2 receptor is also a receptor in circulation
Which they don't, she doesn't seem to live list here
And that means something
I don't really, physiologically understand exactly the difference between the membrane bound one
And the one that's in circulation
But the point is that
If you were hit
Transfected with a clone
And that's what you'd have to call it
If you were hit with a lipid nanoparticle that had the
Let's say the whole coronavirus genome
And so it's essentially a synthetic coronavirus
If you were hit with that
You were hit with liposomes that have this RNA in it
Which can be manufactured as a clone
Using the same recombinant DNA technology that they use to make the RNA
You could make a SARS-CoV-2 infectious clone
And you could make as much of it as you wanted
In theory you could
Just like they made as much as they wanted to
Of the mRNA, yes it's a little bit longer
But it's not impossible
That's one possibility
But understand that the other possibility is even
A little creepier
And that is that they could have transfected people just with the spike protein
If the spike protein interferes with ACE2
Can stimulate ACE2
It's an agonist for it
And it could bring in things
It is a transfection agent
Which can bring things in
They could transfect people with anything
And so what you have here is sort of like a dual narrative
Almost as if, you know, we're going to tell you that there's this pathogen out there
And it has all these attributes
Which are actually ideal
For transfecting many different organs in your body
Which means that when we transfect people with this agent
They'll have many different syndromes
Many different symptomologies
But they'll always test positive for our toxic spike protein
They'll always test positive for a nucleocapsid protein
Because there's always coronavirus around
So we have these overlapping signals in the background
And maybe ones that we add to the foreground
To produce the symptomologies in places that we need the symptomologies to be
To produce the sequences in the places where we need to be
And anywhere we need to have the whole sequence we can just put it there
Because as you saw from Peter Cullis' talk yesterday
We can put any size DNA we want
Any size RNA we want inside of a small lipid nanoparticle
And many, many copies of it
So of course we could transfect a cloned RNA sequence
Of a purported SARS virus
Put it in a lipid nanoparticle and spray it
And apply it
And people who inhaled it would have this RNA in their lungs
And if this RNA needed a way to get in
Maybe one of the ways to get it in would be
ACE2 but it doesn't need to be
Because lipid nanoparticles don't need that kind of stuff
You see
So they tell you this amazing story of a widespread receptor
To try to give you the idea that this thing can do all kinds of stuff
It's telling you a story about a mythological virus that's a
I remember people describing SARS
SARS-CoV-2 as a Swiss Army Knife
Oh my gosh, do you remember
People described the spike protein as a Swiss Army Knife
A Swiss Army Knife that allowed it to do all this stuff
And this was just one blade, the ACE2 blade
It was a magnificent, magnificent performance over those two years
And it went from top to bottom
There were lots of people that were on the dissident side
That were complaining about the spike protein
Because of how it was targeting
The ACE2 with such exquisite fidelity
High affinity
Crazy high affinity
Think about this
See it for what it is
It is amazing
Because if you hear Peter tell you how easy it would be
To do the things that I've said that they could have done
Which is put a clone in a few places
So that they would get what looked like
Culturable virus from certain people
That they could claim was almost identical to
Culturable virus that they got from other people
In a different part of the planet
Even where people were trying to debunk the story like in Iran
They found that sequence
How would they do it?
It's very, very simple
Lipid nanoparticle with the RNA or the DNA that they wanted to be there
They might not have needed to use the RNA
They could have used the DNA, but why would they use the RNA?
That's the question, the question is easy
They would use the RNA because it would be less dangerous
That's what I think
Lipid nanoparticle with DNA in it
I bet you that ain't even close to fun
I bet that's not even
There's a reason why there's no talks on the internet about DNA in lipid nanoparticles
I don't know why
But my guess is there's a reason why they aren't talking about that
I think there's a pretty good reason why they're not talking about that
So that's where we are ladies and gentlemen, that's where we are
We are about one inch away from the bricks
And although we can't see them, I can smell them, I can smell the moisture behind them
I mean, we are looking at the back wall of the theater right now
Ladies and gentlemen, when we look in retrospect
It's just amazing
So she used to work for Merck
There's a few other things we should know about her that maybe we'll find out as we watch those other videos
Or the kids, you know, there's no
They'll get on in the website right now
Sometimes they don't even know they had COVID and then a few weeks later it turns out they have the syndrome
And it's probably because the virus can infect so many tissues
And sometimes people's only presentation might be a little abdominal pain or diarrhea
Or not even diarrhea, but a little bit of abdominal pain, things like that
So I just wanted to emphasize this
First of all, you can be alert to symptoms
It's not just the cough
Oh, wow
So she worked for VICO
That's interesting, I know another person who worked for VICO, I think that was Robert Malone
That's interesting
Huh, for DNA flu vaccines
In 1993 already, holy cow, are you kidding me?
Holy Moses
She went to Harvard
Gene Therapy at Chiron Corporation
International Vaccine Institute
Senior Advisor of Vaccinology at Bill Gates Foundation
I mean, whoa
See, so that's handy
And you can find that all on Mark's page with Margaret and Lou
Yeah, so you know, that's
That's pretty good here, I'll drop the link in here, see if you guys can figure that out
I'll just keep this playing, kudos to Mark
The other point I wanted to make is that
Even though a lot of people can't get COVID and be asymptomatic
Your risk of getting serious disease increases, both with age
As everyone knows, that's why we're starting immunization with people
And older age groups are moving down
That's not me breathing, that's somebody up there
I don't know who it is
And what's important is that, you know, these aren't just people who, like you say, oh, how they're really sick
Actually, it includes, you know, many regular people walking around
That you don't think about them being sick, have type 2 diabetes
Or they have hypertension, which I've had for years
Hypertension increases your risk for more serious illness
Okay, so what are the vaccine technologies?
Well, there's a whole bunch of them, actually at the end
I'm gonna give you a WHO website that lists all the different ones in development
But I'm only gonna really focus on the ones that are the closest
Either are already authorized for users, the closest to getting there
Because these are the ones that are of most interest to us
So the first one are the, this is the, these are the two vaccines that have gotten, oops, sorry, that have gotten approval for use
Now I want to emphasize just that these aren't licensed yet, they've got emergency use, authorization
And so that, it's a distinction because it means that they will, they will always continue to gather more information
But in this case, they really will continue very seriously to gather more information
So what this is, this is the little piece of RNA, and RNA is the, basically
So did you hear what she said there?
Yeah, it is an informative illustration, indeed
She said that they're gonna continue to gather information, that, that, that piqued my, my ear
And remember the talk of different doses, the talk of placebo batches, the talk of maybe different preparations, this is all real
And so if they rolled out small batches of things they wanted to test their toxicity on test the effects of, I guarantee you they did it
This was a once in a lifetime opportunity to test out a lot of different formulations with no questions asked
No batches kept track of, come on
This was the absolute open door, perfect time to do all of that, and you can bet your bottom dollar, they did it because then they could also, they could also use that as a story
To point to, you know, mistakes in manufacturing or contamination
It's useful mud in the water
The intentional, like, obfuscation of the results on purpose that they would know because they know what they did
But we wouldn't know because we assumed that they tried to make a uniform product base
Are you seeing the illusion yet? I think you are, I think everybody is, I think that's why there's a hundred people watching right now because it's really easy to see it
It's like getting a coded message that then tells the body how to make a protein, so this mRNA codes for the spike protein of the coronavirus
And so in your body, your body is the thing that takes this message and turns it into a protein that now becomes the antigen that makes a specific immune response
Your body sees it and says, oh, this is a foreign protein, I have to make antibodies against it
It turns out mRNA is really unstable, it breaks down very quickly, and so in order to deliver it, they had to put it inside this protective lipid nanoparticle
So I like to say that this is like having chocolate that's put inside candy coating, and so the reason you have M&Ms instead of eating chocolate chips most of the time, although I have been known to eat chocolate chips directly out of the back
Usually you prefer to have it in a candy coating to protect the chocolate from melting, so that's what was done to mRNA the specific lipid nanoparticles
Okay, so it turns out that if you give mRNA, which is in fact the vaccine, then your body makes the protein, which is now the antigen that actually induces the immune response
There actually are efforts to use DNA as well, and those are also in clinical trials, and this is something that I have worked on for a long time
That quite honestly we dealt with a lot of the safety and immunologic issues that made it then easier to move mRNA along faster
So we dealt with a lot of the immunological issues that made it easier to move mRNA along faster
So we dealt with a lot of the immunological issues, the safety issues that allowed mRNA to move faster
So they're kind of saying the DNA still has these problems, but with RNA we were able to get rid of them
Wow, that is spectacularly wrong, that cannot be true, that is hand waving
The antigen that actually induces the immune response, there actually are efforts to use DNA as well, and those are also in clinical trials, and this is something that I have worked on for a long time
But quite honestly we dealt with a lot of the safety and immunologic issues that made it then easier to move mRNA along faster
No, no, so she's saying that her early work on DNA made it easier, they dealt with a lot of the safety issues, and so that made it easier for RNA to come forward
Okay, so I misunderstood that, don't make sure you hear that correction
Sometimes people say, wow, this has all been too fast, but in fact, we've been working on DNA vaccines for not quite that almost 30 years, and mRNA for about the same period of time, but definitely over the past 15 years, and so even though the vaccines got developed really quickly
The technology had been worked on for decades
So the other two, without success, that are getting close to having vaccines is first of all viral vectors, and this technology uses a different virus, in this case people are usually using an adenovirus, which is a kind of virus that causes the common cold
And what they do is they remove enough of its own gene so that you don't have replication, so it's not infectious anymore, and instead you put in a gene for whatever you want, like the spike protein, and so what happens is you can take advantage of the
outside of the virus, which has all these special proteins that bind the cells and help it deliver its payload from the inside into the cell, but you will never get either COVID because this gene only codes for the spike, it doesn't code for the whole protein
And likewise you won't get an infection with this outside virus that the adenovirus in most cases because the rest of the adenovirus genes aren't here, so that it can't replicate itself either
So isn't it interesting that she's able to explain how the coronavirus binds to a receptor, and she had a diagram for it, and she had the receptor and the binding and all kinds of stuff, and then for the adenovirus, it's supposed to do the same thing, but it's not really
important, what receptor it uses or how it gets in, no details are really given, do you find that curious, I kind of find that curious, I kind of find that really curious
Why doesn't she have to tell us how an adenovirus vector enters cells, what receptor does it use, what is the physiological mechanism that they blame for that?
Isn't that, don't you find that fascinating, I find it extremely fascinating, especially because I, to the best of my knowledge, used adenovirus based vectors for all the transfections basically that I did in mice, there were only a few that weren't
So, yeah, there's many questions I've got there, also remember that she already dropped at once that RNA is very, very wimpy, RNA is very fragile, so it had to be in the lipid nanoparticle
That's not really technically true, RNA is not particularly fragile, RNA is very susceptible to enzymatic degradation, specifically RNases, which are pretty ubiquitous on our skin and in our plasma, we have a lot of these enzymes all over the place
So, the voodoo of working on a molecular biology bench is you clean the whole bench with ethanol and you wipe it all down and then you wear gloves because you don't want any RNases to get in your sample and degrade your RNA
But it's not because of temperature or something, you're not like worried that, oh, don't turn on the fans in here, the heat's too high, you'll degrade my RNA
It's very funny because it's weird to describe RNA as being fragile, it's not fragile, it's degradable, and there's lots of enzymes around because we want no free RNA around, so there are enzymes everywhere to get rid of it, but it's not fragile, it's not like, that's weird
Okay, I went off on a tangent again, I'm never going to get done
It's kind of like a Trojan horse, but in a good way, another vaccine that is coming along that is behind the next two adenovirus vaccines or recombinant proteins, and that's what's called NOVAX
So, a recombinant protein is basically a way of putting it into cells in a manufacturing facility and having those cells produce the protein, then you purify the protein and you give it to people
So you can see how these technologies actually take longer than simply making a piece of DNA or making a piece of RNA
So I'm going to just go through these because they're not the two that are coming up next
One of the issues is that these are complicated to make because you have to grow the virus and yet your virus isn't replicating
So somehow you still have to make it produce enough and then you have to purify it and still have it stable and so on
Wow, so you're not going to explain it any better than that, you have to make a lot of virus
But you don't want it to be replicable virus
Now, I just want to throw out a little anecdote here because it's actually really interesting
I was on a call and I don't know if I streamed it or not, but I was on a call where Byron Bridal got to ask a question at the end
and he stated that a light went on when I was giving my talk because of the replication in competence
and the ratio of it
and he has tried to make a denivirus-based vaccines
and there is a certain amount of replication competence that you need in order for this vaccine to work
and they could not get to the stage where there was enough the ratio of replication competence in competence
they could never get there
Now, I'm not going to be able to adequately describe the methodology that he was doing
but I do remember very distinctly that this turned on a light bulb in his head and he realized, yeah, that's true
we had trouble making a high fidelity uniform sample of an adenivirus
we did, it was really hard to do it
most of the particles did nothing and he realized that, he knew that
and it was a problem for him as he worked on an adenivirus and adenivirus vaccine
it makes me believe, and I recall thinking this at the time, that this guy has got to be a good guy
because actually this would mean that he kind of failed at making the vaccine that whatever he was trying to make
because his quality control expectations were biologically based
he had this idea of what he wanted to use and he was unable to create it
because of the limitations of the system that he was using
and it revealed the limitation of the biological source, you know, what this is in the wild
and how it had to be with coronavirus
let's let her keep going, obviously I want to keep going here
but I also want to keep narrating and keep you understanding why we went back to this video and why it's such a goldmine
they are laying down the narrative now, they haven't actually pulled the J&J shot, they haven't actually pulled the AstraZeneca shot yet
so she's still selling you this narrative that each one of these has its pros and cons
you know J&J and AstraZeneca are one shot, Moderna is going to be two shots
and the second shot might be worse than the first shot but you might get better antibodies from this one than that one
because this one is only one and we don't know if this one will last as long as these two
and they both need to have cold but this one needs to be colder
and so they're trying to set down this thing where you have all these different questions that you have to find answers for
and none of them matter because you shouldn't be taking this crap anyway
but instead of the focus of this being informed consent and really making a decision about whether or not you needed
and trying to give you a real good idea of the biology and the risk of this
it is just all about well you know which one of these blouses will look better on you
which of those two shoes do you like, you like the black ones or the white ones
like it's extraordinary because they did this under duress, under lockdown, under threat of
I mean Brett Weinstein had been doing a whole year of his podcast where he's got a bandana around his neck
talking about bushmeat and saying that Ivermectin is a great prophylactic for this crazy virus that other people are taking a vaccine for
so people were really coerced, they were corralled, riled up and driven around like lemmings in all different directions with fireworks and scary stuff
TikTok videos and then you got these people who are supposed to be the you know people in the ivory tower and they're academy-gicians
they're casting the spell of the state, they're casting the spell of the theater, they're actually main players in the game, in the big show
which is why I use the Monday night football theme because this is a big show, it is an absolutely huge, huge show
it's just a gigantic show and it was done all over the world like this
the reason I mention that is because the two that are coming along next to AstraZeneca chat-ox vaccine in the Janssen and Janssen both have had manufacturing problems
and that's what slowed down their development, they had thought they would be ready earlier so for example the Janssen vaccine is what's, they're using an adenovirus 26 that's a common cold virus
their results are expected to be released by the end of January and Tony Fauci just said yesterday he thinks that the decision may be made in as short as two weeks from then
although usually it takes three or four weeks for the FDA and the committees to go through
and are you noticing that she called it a common cold virus, the adenovirus is a common cold virus, the corona virus is a common cold virus, the rhinovirus is a common cold virus
there's a lot of different viruses that were common colds but before the pandemic the common cold was corona virus
let's give no mistake about it
I mean let's just be serious here
anybody find an immunology book and show me maybe you'll find a paragraph where they say that common colds are caused by corona virus, rhinovirus and others
but to say this as without the precision of saying adenovirus is one of the viruses thought to cause the common cold
but to say that this is a common cold virus to differentiate from corona virus which is also common cold viruses
as least as far as the biology pre-pandemic goes, I'm not, again when I say a lot of these things you know nitpickers out there
I'm trying to be as precise as possible but it's hard to be precise in a land of mythology
so sometimes I'm just trying to say that if the TV understanding of what happened before the pandemic versus what's happening after the pandemic should be somewhat congruent
then I like to point out the incongruencies there
and for the 20 years before the pandemic let's face it, common cold corona viruses
that's what they basically told you in biology books and medical textbooks and if they didn't they listed things and when they listed things the first thing they listed was the corona virus
and the idea that adenovirus is a common cold virus is a little bit of a stretch
you know thousands of pages of data to make a decision
the nice thing about this vaccine is it might be one dose but I do want to emphasize is that even though the one dose may be enough to make your antibody tighter behind enough at the end
it still is going to take time to get there so just like now the two vaccines that are being used take two doses and they're always very careful to say you need to wait
you know a week or two in fact two weeks is better and longer is even better probably before you can consider self protected
but just because this is a one dose vaccine what they've said is by day 71 after the vaccine they have these nice high titers
so you shouldn't assume that because it's one dose you're protected faster necessarily it's simply that it's a lot easier to administer one dose than to have people have to come back for two doses
so you have this one that Janssen J&J is probably going to be the next one the US has ordered 100 million doses now the reason that's important is for example the Pfizer vaccine the US also ordered 100 million doses
but because it's a two dose vaccine that's only enough for 50 million people where this would be enough for 100 million people
one of the key things about both of the recombinant vector vaccines is that they only need regular refrigeration and they're very stable so you've probably heard about already being used vaccines the mRNA vaccines have to have
super cold freezers and the Pfizer one has to be minus 70 degrees Celsius which is most hospitals do not have freezers like that so these are the advantages
like most hospitals we're going to run out of ventilators most hospitals we're going to run out of ventilators most hospitals don't have a minus 80 freezer
so there's lots of logistics that the government's going to have to figure out and more of this rollout is going to be able to save us
it's spectacular if you see it now for what it is January 2021
Margaret Lou, former Vicoll scientist, former Merck scientist giving a talk at a at a cancer group worked on AstraZeneca's Chadox vaccine advised others spectacular absolutely spectacularly on narrative
I wouldn't doubt it if she already knows that they're going to pull the adenovirus vaccines in a year that she already knows that that's the plan
that she already knows that they're going to come out and say oh we don't need those minus 80 freezers anymore whoops
turns out they're great turns out these things are very robust it's just fine it's no problem it's fine you have to use microfluidics in order to get a uniform lipid nanoparticles in size and loading
but once you use a microfluidics particle thing you're going to understand that if you put it in a vial and then ship it in a truck it'll all be fine when you take it out you just got to shake it a little bit
I mean and what happens when the lipid nanoparticles become they they glop together in larger liposomes what does that become it becomes toxic oh wow crazy so all these things you know all these things are just compounding
on top of this and what are we talking about we're talking about refrigeration one or two doses is it going to be convenient for you to come back in a few weeks or should you take the more convenient single shot adenovirus while it's available
don't forget though they're going to run out because there's only 100 million doses so you know make your decision while you can and do it wisely you know create create as much demand as possible Margaret please
is of these particular vaccines now I want to just highlight one last thing about the AstraZeneca vaccine their study was the smallest to date in terms of the number of people they only did a little over 11,000 people
but what was interesting there were two things that were interesting about it is first of all they actually have people swab their noses so they have data on whether or not the people were infected and had virus that they could transmit
whereas the mRNA vaccines that are used in the US when they did those studies all they looked at was if somebody had symptoms then they tested them for virus and so that's why we you know know people that the 95% efficacy means that those people don't get sick
95% of the time I mean there's still is a risk of getting sick but what we don't know is whether those people are in fact infectious themselves and that's a pretty honest vaccines all these vaccines are given by intramuscular injection
and what that means is that you have a systemic antibody response you've got antibodies in your blood so it means that you can protect your lungs your kidneys all these other tissues from getting the virus
but those antibodies in your blood don't usually make it out into your mucosa so you don't have those antibodies in your gut you don't have them in the mucosa of your lungs
there's a special type of antibody that's called IgA and it's called secretory IgA and vaccines that are given intramuscularly don't generate that kind of immunity so this really isn't something that you can just say
oh well if it protects cancerous disease obviously should protect against getting infected because it's a different mechanism and so that we do need to assume that even if you have the any of these vaccines that you still can be infected and not know it and you can be transmitting
now we that's really awesome I didn't think that she was going to say that that's absolutely spectacular I think it's very spot on
it's hard for me to understand why she thinks that these vaccines will be so useful then other than her story about how there's ACE2 receptor everywhere so if you protect your internal organs
then you protect yourself from serious disease but I think that's not how this works but that's the biology that she's laying down and it's fairly congruent so far which is nice and it became congruent right there when she said the real immunology of intramuscular injection any injection intramuscularly with a combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
and she basically admitted why they'll end up knowing from the AstraZeneca study whether or not people are infected in asymptomatic because they looked for it whereas Pfizer and Moderna did not look for it
I'm not going to talk about this that's first point about the first dose seem to be better because it's a really intriguing scientific thing that I put in here because this is something that has interested some of the people who who are affiliated with with the group
and it's an interesting point that may be important for some other cancer treatment for example but we won't discuss it but I did just put it on because it was an interesting point
okay so I'm going to go back now to the two vaccines that are approved in the US with emergency use authorization so they reduce the risk of symptomatic coded disease and as I said we don't know if they prevent asymptomatic infection so therefore we don't know if vaccinated people even if they're feeling totally fine can transmit the virus
so I just wanted to put up the details actually aren't important but in case you were wondering they're both approximately
it's really important to understand that asymptomatic spread is a super lame mythology that really it grows inside of people's heads like a little like a little weed
and it can fill the void of any imagination and make the virus much much much much more real than it can be
asymptomatic spread is more RNA asymptomatic spread is more RNA from that puddle than we detected do you see why it's so ridiculous not only was this RNA able to go around the world and we could track it everywhere
but there are hundreds and thousands of other people that we didn't track it in because they didn't have symptoms but it still went through them
that is spectacularly compounding on an already very bad biological idea that a puddle of RNA in China can turn into a puddle of RNA in every corner of the earth
now that puddle of RNA extends to people that don't even have symptoms and so it's potentially every everywhere
and that's the magic of this illusion that's the magic of the enchantment that she just lays down here
not yet known if it prevents asymptomatic spread is a semantic enchantment which makes you accept that there is asymptomatic spread we just don't know if the vaccines can prevent it
it's very akin to if you accept the mystery you accept the monsters if you accept their emergency then you accept their monsters and one of their monsters is asymptomatic
or asymptomatic infection here we go but therefore we don't know if vaccinated people even if they're feeling totally fine can transmit the virus
so I just wanted to put up the details actually aren't important but in case you were wondering they're both approximately 95% effective and after the second dose although they looked at different time points
and the important thing is although they're both mRNA they actually are different and so I'm going to talk about whether you can mix a match later but just to point out they did their studies differently
now what's really important is they tried to both of them get enough people who were older and enough people from different racial and ethnic groups because it wouldn't have been useful if they said or texting were great in people under 55 if the target population
includes the people who are most seriously affected and that includes older people or if they'd only done it in white people because this disease has disproportionately not only affected but has disproportionately killed people of color
so what was important was that they did do a really good job of looking at different racial and ethnic groups the Moderna vaccine looked like it was slightly less effective than people over 65 but the reason they couldn't tell
and they don't they don't say don't use it in older is because there were just so few people that got sick in both groups in the placebo and in the infected group that while it clearly was effective and it definitely was effective in preventing
you know very very serious disease and death they just can't make a strong a statement as as the Pfizer group but in fact it still is something that should be given to older people because it still has I mean most vaccines like the flu vaccine on a yearly basis usually
is around 50% effective and sometimes 30% effective especially in older people but it's still worth getting the flu vaccine so getting this high degree of efficacy was really astonishing
okay so people wonder are they safe well there's no serious long term effects that have been associated with it and and it's just the usual adverse events that have been seen so you know you get sore arm and things like that
and but it is important to know that the side effects sometimes are worse after the second dose so just be prepared for that when you have your second dose they haven't looked at people are pregnant or lactating but the animal studies have been fine and frankly the risk to the mother and the fetus is much greater from the disease so people need to talk to people
that's spectacular there been a couple other adverse events but basically the bottom line they don't think that the bill did you hear that people need to talk to their own physicians but there's no contraindication to getting there from the disease but the animals just be prepared for that when you have your second dose they haven't looked at people are pregnant or lactating but the animal studies have been fine and frankly the risk to the mother and the fetus is much greater from the disease so people need to talk to their own physicians
the risk to the mother and fetus is much greater from the disease than it is from the vaccination that's that's really rich there is a dividing fetus inside of a mama and this before the pandemic was the most sacred time in any humans life
and it was a time that was so sacred that you just basically step away don't mess with it you don't put any lotions on you don't eat any raw fish you don't drink coffee or wine you don't smoke you don't you just take care of yourself you eat right you don't put makeup on anymore
and yet it's just okay to intramuscularly inject a lipid nanoparticle that we have no idea where it's going to go we can't keep it anywhere about 70% of it's eventually going to end up in the liver
and express a foreign protein in the tissues that take it up no big deal if it should happen to cross the placental barrier and go into the very rapidly dividing fetus no big deal
the risk is much lower than the virus that comes from the outside right the virus comes from the outside and has to get through your immune system that includes epithelial cells and mucus and non specific antibodies for
nanoselectans and this kind of thing it's all these things are just bypassed with an intramuscular injection of a transfection agent and that's fine the risk is much lower even though we haven't tested it on people who are pregnant or lactating the risk is much lower
what a statement to make in January of 2021 while everybody's confused and terrified that's what she said my my review on the website was already ready to go in January of 2021 pause the transfections five reasons why
and then those reasons slowly became mainstream ideas until now when everybody's saying them and I'm not saying them anymore I've come to realize that those were all part of a elaborate Scooby-Doo hoax but I knew them very well and I figured out how the biology lined up
already in January of 2021 and I had it published already ready to go all about enrichment all about non sterilizing immunity all about transfection and auto immunity and all about why we should pause it and definitely not do it in healthy humans
maybe an old people is what I thought back then and now we're almost in 2024 and all of those ideas are now becoming mainstream people are briefing Congress about how the variants are a result of the imperfect vaccine
and I had written it up with 66 citations from the primary literature in 2021 and it's still on my website now under the link review
transfections are not immunization is the title of it like
there's no contraindication to getting there there've been a couple other adverse events but basically the bottom line for this is that they don't think that the bells palsy instances that they've seen they've only seen four in each of the trials was greater than what normally happens out of 30,000 to 40,000 people
everybody's heard a lot about these anaphylactic reactions and they have a hypothesis of why that's occurring but nevertheless this still is a rare event and the disease is much worse they think it might be caused by this part of this lipid nanoparticle this component called polyethylene glycol the thing that's a little weird
about it is it turns out polyethylene glycols in a lot of things that we all use toothpaste it's in laxatives it's in many many drugs so if you happen to know that you're allergic to it then you should wait and get a different
so what does it mean to be allergic to it does that mean you have IgE antibodies to it or you have IgG antibodies to it I don't know the answer to that question I'm asking all my smart viewers if they know
but I do believe an allergy to peg would mean that you produce antibodies of some type to it you have some maladaptive immune memory to peg maybe you're a vapor and you have a immune allergy and allergy to peg I don't know really how this works
but but the main thing is just be alert peg is also in Miralax the the laxatives that they give to a lot of kids and they actually give this laxative to an awful lot of autistic kids and there are a lawful lot there's actually an 80,000 member Facebook group of parents that have had kids have acute psychotic episodes after using Miralax for about a week
basically what Miralax does is it completely dehydrates your gut in order to clear a constipation and in dehydrating your gut it actually completely kills your microbiome
and it turns out that when you do that to a child they often have a psychotic episode isn't that weird and then what the crazy part is is that their normal digestion doesn't come back necessarily
wow weird huh ladies and gentlemen we are in big trouble because our health care system is out of control
and usually they ask people to stay around for 15 minutes after they're immunized because this is the only out of all of the components that they think might be causing it
okay so this is what the CDC guidelines are if you're not so if you're specifically allergic to any of those components then don't get an RNA vaccine get a different one when they come out
but if you have other allergies such as food allergies you know better or other things they say CDC says get vaccinated
if you have allergies to other vaccine the CDC says discuss with your physician but in fact most people have allergies to things like eggs in some of the flu vaccines
so that really shouldn't be a problem but that's what they say is discuss with your physician
so here's how I'm going to go through some of these questions now and then we can answer other ones if I haven't covered them all can you get COVID from the vaccine no because the vaccines don't deliver a live SARS coronavirus in fact the mRNA vaccines only make this one spike protein
remember can the vaccines change my genes no remember when this was such a big deal like that was such a sales pitch
this is like an idiot thing oh I understand that so I get it
this is supposed to make you think you understand it so can I get COVID-19 from the vaccine no why and because it only makes the spike protein
so that makes logical sense to the average carpenter it makes sense to the average teacher that's fine I teach poetry you know it's fine I'm an art teacher that's great that makes sense
but in there there's no nuance that's just dumb simple right and the same thing does the vaccine change my genes that's just dumb simple no it doesn't but we can give it to pregnant women
we can give a transfection or transformation agent to pregnant women that well doesn't matter because there's no cells really dividing in a oh oh oh okay
so that's a whole other story does it change your genes can also be a very disingenuous like an Obi-Wan Kenobi trick so when Obi-Wan Kenobi told Luke Skywalker that Darth Vader was some bad guy and he didn't tell him that he was his father when they later cleared it up when Obi-Wan's ghost finally told the truth he said yeah well he wasn't he wasn't
he killed your father from a certain point of view and so Darth went Darth Vader became real then his father died and so what he told him was true from a certain point of view and from a certain point of view can the vaccines change my genes no they won't change your eggs no they won't change your sperm so then they won't change your genes that's what she would say and so from a certain point of view maybe it's true from a certain point of view if
there's no DNA contamination sure that's true from a certain point of view if the RNA is done right that's true if it's from a certain point of view if the LNP stays in your muscle of course it's not going to change your genes there's no division in there
but these things are true from a certain point of view and they're dumb simple presented here in January 2021 in order to convince people that it's not a matter of choice that you have to feel obligated to take one of these things and it would be silly for you not to
and so then they steer the debate into this very controlled spectrum which is about which one should you do what are the pros and cons of each one and now she's going to introduce you to the idea that you may just need one of these every year
and the reason for that is that this is a one-way street RNA DNA goes to RNA RNA goes to protein it doesn't go backwards the only time it goes backwards is in certain viruses like HIV where in fact the virus provides a specific enzyme that goes the other direction
but even then so you said well what about people who are HIV infected could they you know have it go backwards the thing is that the RNA has to have a particular structure on its ends and so the HIV RNA has that particular structure for its RNA but the mRNA that's being put in in the vaccine does not so it just can't it just doesn't
have this structure moreover what I'm showing here is that the usual mechanism is you have DNA inside your nucleus and then it gets turned into RNA mRNA which then goes out into the cytoplasm
so when you get an mRNA vaccine the mRNA goes into the cytoplasm and there's actually no mechanism to get mRNA backwards into the nucleus but probably the biggest reason why this won't happen is the mRNA is so unstable that it actually breaks down very quickly
I mean this is why the Pfizer vaccine you know the RNA is so unstable here she is again RNA is unstable and I'm feeling it now she just said Pfizer so I'm feeling it she's going to say something about temperature which is going to be the dumbest thing ever right because remember it's not temperature
it's not physical shaking of the bottle it's actually enzymatic degradation that you need to worry about with RNA because there are enzymes all around the natural world that are designed to degrade RNA
it has to be kept at minus 70 degrees Celsius and once the files are open they have to be used right away much less once they're in your body at 98 degrees in Oferonite it really breaks down quickly
Wow so just at your body temperature the RNA is spontaneously falling apart what a weak ass therapeutic right what a joke how does that jive with what you understand about the RNA now how spectacular is that
it seems pretty harmless to me if it can float around only for a few hours in my body how much arm could it really do
Wow I mean just wow think about that
Do I need both doses yes now everybody says and there's been a big debate of well after the first dose you get a little bit of protection but the reality is you really need that boost to get it higher and this is really important as I can explain when I tell you about the new strains because the higher your neutralizing antibody titers are the more protection for you
and also the more you will shut down virus replicating and therefore there will be fewer mutant viruses so how is you how are you stopping virus replication with antibodies in circulation
I don't really understand how that works do the antibodies bind to the epithelial cells of the lungs from the inside and then label them for cytotoxic T cell elimination
or do they somehow activate the internal zinc finger proteins that degrade the viral proteins like what do those antibodies do to help reduce viral load and viral spread
I don't know what she's talking about I don't know why she would say this because out of one side of her mouth she says that these things don't do anything to help you with a respiratory disease because they don't cross your gut they don't cross your lungs
so they can't get into the mucosal there there's no way for them then what how do they stop the virus from replicating in that and defeat epithelial cells how does that work
I don't think she really understands that she's contradicting herself and she tells this story to try and convince people that this is the debate they should be having these are the questions they should be asking
and these people are confused and not sophisticated enough to see the contradiction or to hear it
right so I mentioned already the J&J vaccine is probably going to be a one dose vaccine but it still takes time
I want to show you data from the Pfizer because this is what people are looking at so they're saying oh see we have oops sorry keep trying to make my arrow come up and then it doesn't
so so they're saying look the the protection just keeps going up and up after the days after dose one but what you have to notice is there's a second dose given right here
and so who knows what this protection level sorry the protection is this one which people don't keep getting disease versus these are the number of cases for the people who got placebo but this protection only increases
because these people have had the second dose if they hadn't had the second dose we don't know what the red curve would look like so that's why you can't assume that one dose is enough
remembering of course that they're doing that 14 day window so between the first dose and the second dose and then 14 days later they're still unvaccinated
and they were shifting those people over right so there is no that's not a good graph that was never a good graph and they were just a silly thing
that was one of the most that was one of the most egregiously overused graphs from the New England Journal of Medicine in in recent memory this one was shown by so many people so many times has evidence for
you know it had to be explained away just extraordinary the red curve would look like so that's why you can't assume that one dose is enough
but then people have asked okay what happens if like I can't make it on time to get my my second shot and because it's three weeks between first and second for Pfizer and four weeks for Moderna well they want it to be as close as possible
because that's how they were tested but the CDC says that a delay up to six weeks can is okay if you get you know if there's some delay that happens
and then the question is come can I mix and match and they say well try to get the same one but if you don't know what you got or the first one isn't available then it's okay in exceptional
situation so they don't recommend mixing and matching which is kind of the approach the UK is said oh it doesn't matter but it's probably they feel comfortable and if it's probably okay
okay so here then the big question how long will any protection last people don't really know because protection from getting the disease you know people don't know whether you get protected against second disease or for how long
but there have been a few studies not very many but a few that have looked on looked at how long do people's antibodies last and what about their lymphocytes how long can they keep making antibody even if you don't have circulating antibody
and so not enough times it allows to really know because the vaccines really only started the trial started in in the summer and really only people got their second doses in the fall so we actually just don't know but
it also one thing is now because the people who got the placebo's in the studies are now going to get the vaccine we're not going to actually have the usual two year data to really be able to follow up but
it looks like by studying lymphocytes and antibody levels it is probably months to years that to a year sorry that are cited as duration that's what the Moderna group just published is they think it's at least a year
so we might need to have annual vaccines just as we do for influenza just to boost the response what we don't know though is that different vaccines may have different
durations of immunity or different efficacy in some populations even older people or people of different racial backgrounds but at least for now you know the thought is that
at least it will be months maybe a year maybe more probably the bigger issue and the bigger reason why we don't worry about it as much is that the sides having antibodies which is what all of this response
that people have been looking at is we also know that you get T cell responses both helper T cells that help the antibody response and cytolytic T cells that kill cells that are infected by the virus and so
at least these technologies that are at the forefront also seem to induce cytolytic T cells and so we don't yet know how much protection that we'll offer but it does mean we probably have another arm of immunity that's contributing
to really big questions that have arisen because there's these new strains of virus so what are the new strains there are kind of
you know what I actually I forgot to take out that slide because I split up this slide so at any rate there's actually five different strains that have really made the news the first one was one called D614 G was a single mutation
and it looks like it infects more easily than the original one and maybe why it became the predominant strain but it didn't really seem to affect anything so people didn't worry about it as much except that it spread the infection more
more worrisome or the UK mutation which just this past week or so they've announced they think not only is it more infectious but maybe 30% more deadly.
It's complicated there's many parts of the mutation. There's a California variant that is shown up in LA area they think it might be behind a California surge because they think it makes the infected cells produce more virus.
The one that's really worrisome though, even though the UK ones more deadly is the South African variant and then there's a Brazil variant which has now been found in one person in the US that's related to the South African variant although probably a rose separately.
Now I want to point out that the US has a horrible sequence ratio of only 0.3% of viruses. The UK is probably doing about 10%. And so, you know, this is something that is really a shame that we don't have better testing for diagnostics and we don't have more sequencing.
Sorry, I messed up goofed up on I did this so let's go back now to this this port part here that this is my key point here is that although it looks like the existing vaccines probably protect against all these strains.
It turns out that even though the Moderna says well our level of neutralizing antibody is still adequate for protection, but it turns out it is six times lower against the African strain.
So it will still probably work, but there's not as much wiggle room for the protection.
And booster third dose raise the time.
And I'm also developing a modified vaccine that specifically is directed against the South African variant. Now what does that mean for you and me what that means is that we all need to do everything we can to make sure the virus doesn't spread, because not only will if these spread.
It's, it will be potentially disastrous as before people get vaccinated, but it means that that the virus can continue to mutate and new scarier strains can arise. And so, you know, we need to roll out the vaccine as quickly as possible since they are effective right now.
And we want to make sure as many people shut down producing virus as quickly as possible. So in January of 2021 they were already seeding the narrative that of course, that of course, cared funding bullshit already started to seed in the background that I had already started to
do in the background.
That this imperfect vaccine against a single protein was going to force the virus to change at that protein and going to mutate away and everybody that got the vaccine was going to be focused on that protein and be completely vulnerable to new variants.
I was pushing that story in 2020 and 2021 I wrote a review about it.
And in January of 2021 it was ready to go it didn't get published tell me but that's another story.
And in that review is exactly this story that she's talking about right now that that is explained even better but in a bad way that we shouldn't be transfecting people because even if it works like you plan it to work it's going to go south.
Assuming that the virus behaves as you say it does.
That was when I was still keep in mind this is where we're going here.
That was when I was still convinced or rather not aware of how attributes of patterned integrity were being applied to the idea of a virus.
People biologists thought they understood this because they understood these biological principles that can be applied to patterned integrity.
And they applied them to viruses because they were told to they were sold at that's good that that's is the illusion of consensus of virology is that that viruses are basically living things they're obligate pathogens that's
already bad language for an RNA molecule coded in a lipoprotein you shouldn't call it that.
It's not engaged in any form of homeostasis.
It's not engaged in any form of energetic consumption.
At best it's a signal. At best it's a packet of information.
But it is not a pattern integrity.
And yet here we are talking about it as a pattern integrity attributing vert attributing behavior that is only possible with a pattern integrity to a virus and claiming that it has the fidelity to go all around the world and that we can track these
these single mutations and that these single mutations are also preserved because they're so good.
And somehow we can.
We have really believed that we have been led to believe this by this illusion of consensus that started already way way way earlier than the pandemic.
And illusion of consensus about pandemic potential in nature and in laboratories.
And that pandemic potential is the mythology because this can only exist in a world where that potential has already been accepted.
But Peter Dasek's job was on 60 minutes already years ago.
That's with the role of the SARS virus already 20 years ago.
That was the role of the mayor's virus already 20 or 12 years ago.
To see the narrative of pandemic potential that it lurks in bad caves and in viral laboratories around the world.
Once the mythology was seated to their satisfaction or once the the necessity to capitalize on this mythology.
Was came upon us then then they've executed their plan.
They pulled the emergency lever all the people that are naive went along with it all the people that are in on it definitely stuck to their lies.
And here we are.
And it started back then about lies about what you should worry about with the shot.
Should you take the one shot the identity virus.
Maybe you want to do two shots maybe that won't fit into your schedule.
You won't be having a CVS you'll have to have the J&J you get the J&J earlier.
We also need to do everything we can to make sure that we just don't let the virus increase because then it will just mutate more.
Some questions I don't know whether any of you have already had COVID but the question should I get the vaccine.
If you were treated with monoclonal antibodies you should wait 90 days because those monoclonal antibodies will stop up all of the antigen made by the vaccine and so the vaccine just won't do any good.
If you were sick it's recommended you still get the vaccine because some people don't make antibodies after infection and it isn't known how long they mean response last after infection.
And then some people have gotten COVID twice. And so you really want the vaccine if possible.
Okay, so this is really the most important part for that I wonder if that's true I wonder if you still get the vaccine antigen made by treated with monoclonal antibodies you should wait 90 days because I wonder if you were treated with monoclonal antibodies what would happen.
I don't know that those antibodies would just mop up all the spike protein and then negate the effects of the transfection I think it's possible that if you had monoclonal antibodies and you got transfected you'd clot out.
So you have an immune response to the transfected cells which would be devastatingly cytotoxic.
Your entire endothelial cells that get transfected would be immediately destroyed because those antibodies would land on there the neutrophils would see them the neutrophils would destroy them you'd have, you know,
the last days release he got all this fibrinogen getting broken down or is it fibrin getting broken down into fibrinogen or the vice versa and then those little micro clots start and the next thing you know you're where you where you are anyway after two shots.
I think she's being very disingenuous there by saying that those monoclonal antibodies will mop up all the spike protein and negate it.
That's pretty funny.
We'll stop up all of the antigen made by the vaccine.
No they won't.
But if you were sick.
Because some people don't make antibodies after infection and it isn't known how long they mean response last after infection.
And then some people have gotten COVID twice.
And so you really want the vaccine if possible.
Okay, so this is really the most important part that I think of is what's next.
After any immunize can I not wear a mask.
Well, we've talked about this that some people still got infected with the vaccine.
It's about 100% effective. It's 95% and we don't know how long it's 95% effective maybe three months out or four months out it drops down to 70% or 60%.
We just don't know.
The other reason is because as I said you still might be infected and just transmitting virus about you still could be affecting other people so yes you still need to do everything.
And then so they reversed it completely you know you're you could be sick all the time and not know it that that part of the narrative was so important and it's important to realize that so many people still believe that crap.
So many people have been misled to believe that crap.
That they should test and if they test positive and they have some symptoms they better isolate because COVID is special.
It's more special than a dentaviruses and rhinoviruses and RSV viruses and norovirus it's more special than all of them because it has its own tests.
And when those tests come out positive you must respect the test.
It's extraordinary what they did to us ladies and gentlemen because more than half of the planet is still fully under this spell.
They are actively offering for free tests to every household still.
To protect yourself during the holidays.
The protection against the new strains may not be quite as good even though it will protect.
So we all just need to make sure there's less fiber circulating.
There's one other point which is that if people see you not wearing masks they're less likely to wear masks.
And so this is part of the sort of caring for others in our whole community.
Can I socialize with other people if I had a naked.
You are being coerced we were coerced into being a participant in the illusion of consensus.
We were coerced.
Other people won't believe our mythology if you don't perform.
That's what she just said.
Other people won't believe our mythology if you don't perform the masking thing.
And we didn't understand it then.
So many of us didn't understand it then.
So many of us didn't have principles then.
And so many of us understood that it was wrong but didn't know how to react.
But lots and lots and lots of people knew exactly it was wrong and they reacted exactly like they were told.
People with podcasts reacted exactly like they were told.
And they wore masks on their podcast and bandanas around their neck.
And they told stories about the nine months that they haven't seen their families.
And they waxed intellectual about all the ways that the government was hiding there and what they knew about the novel nasty.
Maybe it was a lab leak.
Holy man ladies and gentlemen once you see it for what it is we are about to enter 2024 there is no excuse anymore.
For not having the due diligence to sit down on your butt and get on the internet and research this history yourself.
By just watching videos.
That's all you got to do the time machine is right there in your lap.
It's right there in your hand.
Go in the time machine and find the stories that these people told.
Find the recitation of the mythology.
Find these would be priests and acolytes.
And listen to them profess their faith in a novel virus that killed millions of people that millions of more can be saved from.
If you would just shut up and wear your mask.
And who a year from now are going to be believing with wholehearted goodness that they are sure that this must have come from a laboratory which explains the nightmare that we went through in 2020.
What a wonderful theater they have pulled upon us ladies and gentlemen what a wonderful theater.
I have seen the
testing test can I visit people.
My feeling is above for all of these things because people are asymptomatic the test are notoriously inaccurate the results come back really slowly you should still for now and with the levels that we have assumed that you and everyone else is infected if you want to socialize.
And what's interesting is that they, and I apologize
because I actually have a talk at 10
with a group of Italian physicians,
but we should have plenty of time
because to answer all the questions,
that's why you heard the alarm.
What's interesting is once the vaccine was introduced,
you know, this essentially went down to zero,
except for now people who weren't getting immunized
are still getting it, which is because it's still present
in the world.
What's interesting though is that the rate started to fall
before the vaccine was introduced,
and that's because people didn't know exactly
how it was transmitted, but they started socially distancing.
They started not, you know, hanging out in place.
So wait, are you telling me that when they didn't know
that it was oral fecal,
like you had to get other people's poop in your mouth?
When they didn't know that,
then they were less careful about swimming pools
and washing their hands and sanitation
and using chlorine and water and stuff.
And then after they figured that out,
like stuff changed and then the polio virus disease thing,
pathogen went away, isn't that weird?
What else went away?
Was there some use of DDT that was changed
around this time as well?
It's just so convenient, isn't it?
Isn't it just so convenient?
I just think it's spectacular that she ends her
one hour sales pitch on all these new genetic therapies,
all these new test products.
She goes back to plug in the original OG,
greatest story mankind's ever told.
The greatest invention of all time,
besides the airplane, the nuclear bomb,
and the wheel is the polio vaccine.
This is where they thought they might get it.
Turns out it's fecal oral root transfer.
So it was a lot of little kids,
and that's how they would get it.
But then this was actually my,
I think most important slide which is that,
so you saw that that was in the 60s and late 50s
that had already started falling in the United States.
But look at the rest of the world.
It wasn't until 30 years later, 40 years later,
that the incidence of polio started falling.
So we just can't let this happen again,
that the rich countries,
or the rich people in rich countries are protected,
and poorer people, or people who are at more at risk,
such as-
Do you remember this story about how poor people
were at more risk,
so we really had to get these vaccines
all over the world to these poor suffering individuals?
Now recall that Denny Rancor shows
that all the major casualty events
actually occurred in poor people,
in poor counties,
correlated with income.
Mental illness too.
You know, the vulnerable,
the people who go into the hospital
and just have to kind of accept whatever they're given.
You know those people,
that's who COVID killed,
through protocols and lies,
financial incentives driving people to death.
We definitely need affordable access
to vaccines worldwide when they are available,
not 30 years later, right?
Rush them out, baby,
five billion doses, here we come.
That's where this video is.
Five billion doses, here we come,
they just rolled them out.
People of color in the US
don't get access to the vaccine.
So, and it's not just about humanitarian reasons,
which all of you are fully into,
but it's frankly even just part of self-preservation
because we're a global village now.
It just takes one person,
the one guy who came back from Brazil
who brought the new virus strength to Minnesota.
And we've seen this time and time again
with influenza with SARS-1,
people get on airplanes and this is what happened,
this is the virus.
It's a global village.
She froze for a second here.
I think I'm gonna wrap it up at that one.
The question and answer is not very exciting.
She doesn't admit anything like Peter Cullis has
for us so many times.
I just wanna say one more time or remind you
that there are a couple different programs
that videos that Mark Gulak has made.
One of them is on Housatonic Live 2
and it is a big shot AIDS vaccine video
with Margaret Liu and her bio.
And then there's another one that I believe
is on Housatonic 3.
And that one is a thing that she does on CSPAN,
it looks like.
I'm not really sure what it is,
I haven't watched it yet.
But it's like 43 minutes long
so it's probably pretty interesting as well.
You can see how long she's been in this game.
She did mention that she was working on DNA vaccines
before the RNA vaccines.
And she did say that their work on DNA vaccines
paved the way safety-wise for the rollout
of the RNA to be so quick.
I would say that that's a little hand-waving
because I don't think DNA became very safe.
So to say that DNA's work made it possible for RNA,
I guess it just made it easy for them to say
that RNA is different than DNA, I don't know.
Anyway, shout out to Mark for already having been on this
and already put in a lot of work with also a page
which I guess I could throw up here really quick.
Just flash this over here.
If you go to this page here,
you can see her and that link
and then all the stuff that Mark has archived about her.
It's always really impressive to see the kinds of things
that he's able to archive on people.
And again, remember that this archive is really A to Z.
So you can go all through this and follow
and look at all the work that Mark has done
with regard to archiving all of these humanoids.
I guess you would go here to research
and then you get these ABCs here
and so then you can do anything you want.
You can go like S and then all these people are S, right?
And you can just find out if any of these people ring a bell.
I mean, you see the kinds of work that this guy has put in
to kind of cataloging the recent American history
that we are all victims of or experiencing
or living through.
I think you'll see why Mark and his work
is some of the stuff that I'm most happy with.
I don't really have a lot of other places
to look for this kind of information
and so it's really nice to have it all in one place.
So again, shout out to the Mark Housatonic,
just a great friend and a great colleague in this fight.
So yeah, that's Mark is right there.
This is a map of people and I think the best way
to think about how this map really works
is to think about the novel virus
and the fact that none of these people really question it.
Think about the millions of people
that were killed by the virus
that these people keep repeating
and keep thinking about the idea that gain of function
might be a mythology
and none of these people seem to be aware of it.
So that's really the amazing thing.
It's a game of chess that's being played all around the world
and these people are the players.
They all know it's a rigged game
and they're rigging it against us.
They're all pretending to stop and start the train.
That's what this is.
That's what this agreement not to do the correct math,
the agreement to blame all excess deaths on the virus
instead of trying to do the correct math
that people like Jessica Hockett
and the Jonathan Engler and Nick Hudson
and Panda are trying to do
where we look at what they did with protocols
and we look at what they did with antibiotics
and we look at what they didn't do, what they added
and we see that there's really no room
for a particularly dangerous virus.
There's no room for a new cause of death
because we've got all the deaths covered already.
And so the latest addition to this
is to say that not all of the people
that were participating in this narrative
were necessarily on the same team
but they are all on a one side of the stage.
I mean, you can imagine a scenario, right,
where you go to a play and all of the characters
that are all of the actors in the play,
all of the stage hands and the lighting crew,
they don't all go out to drink afterward.
There might be two or three groups of friends in there
that get along well in terms of the production
and they can put on a fine show
but when everybody goes to the bar after the show,
some of them go one place and some of them go the other
and they used to date and so now they fight
and they're not really comfortable hanging out anymore.
And so there's no doubt that the people
that are the ruling class of the earth,
the oligarchs, the bankers, the weaponized piles of money,
however they became large enough to be weaponized,
Bill Gates, et cetera, Peter Thiel, et cetera.
They don't all have to be on the same team
as long as they agree that it is to their collective advantage
to perform this, to sustain this act
that there is a natural phenomenon
that also can have a synthetic component
and that bioweapons exist
and therefore all of these changes need to be made.
And as long as they all keep performing,
as long as they all stick to these various narratives
and don't question the faith in a novel virus,
don't question the faith and gate of function
then this can go on in perpetuity.
Most importantly, it can go on in perpetuity
for our children because the TV and social media
is repeating this over and over,
this consensus about a novel virus
that killed millions of people
that we had to lock down for,
this is the faith that's a lie.
And we must teach our children the truth
or they themselves will have already accepted it
and there's nothing we can do.
We must teach them the truth
because they wanna invert our rights,
our sovereignty into permissions
because they want the data from our children.
Please stop all transfections and humans.
They are trying to eliminate the control group
by any means necessary.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system
is dumb and transfection and healthy.
Humans is criminally negligent
and viruses are in pattern integrity.
So like I said, December is gonna be a wonderful month.
We're gonna start teaching again,
so we gotta keep these study halls going
because this is the way that we catch up and we learn
and we keep playing the same song in a different way.
I'm a bit like a jazz concert with the same set list
but you can go to it over and over again.
I hope you don't mind that for now.
Obviously the book comes out next week
so there's lots of things to capitalize on
in the coming weeks.
So get ready for a lot of new stuff, a lot of fun stuff.
I'm just gonna keep on working every day
so thanks for joining me.
I'll be here tomorrow.
Same time, same channel, whatever time that is,
I don't know, but tomorrow night
I have early basketball practice
so chances are it's gonna be after 7.30.
It's not late basketball so after 7.30,
maybe 8.30, something like that.
Thanks very much for joining me.
This is the only member of the independent Bright Web.
If we call it interdisciplinary Bright Web,
we might be able to recruit Mark Hewson-Tonic
as he seems to like that a little better.
But independent, whatever it is,
it's giggled and biological.
Thanks for joining me.
Definitely working safely.
Goodnight guys.